[KOGITO-9315] Updating docs to include Kogito Kubernetes Add-on to Discovery (#369)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/quarkus/kubernetes-service-discovery.adoc

// links
:quarkus_issue_url: https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/27457

> The Kubernetes service discovery allows you to describe the Kubernetes resource you want to perform an HTTP request using a custom URI. Under the hood, it will discover the network endpoint (URL) to where to make the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes service discovery allows you to describe the Kubernetes resource you want to perform an HTTP request using a custom URI. Under the hood, it will discover the network endpoint (URL) to where to make the request.
```

> The Kubernetes service discovery allows you to describe the Kubernetes resource you want to perform an HTTP request using a custom URI. Under the hood, it will discover the network endpoint (URL) to where to make the request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes service discovery allows you to describe the Kubernetes resource you want to perform an HTTP request on using a custom URI. Under the hood, it will discover the network endpoint (URL) to where to make the request.
```

Author: @kaldesai wdyt about this suggestion?

Reviewer: > @kaldesai wdyt about this suggestion?

@ricardozanini This suggestion looks good to me. Thank you!

> The Kubernetes service discovery allows you to describe the Kubernetes resource you want to perform an HTTP request using a custom URI. Under the hood, it will discover the network endpoint (URL) to where to make the request.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes service discovery allows you to describe the Kubernetes resource you want to perform HTTP requests using a custom URI. Under the hood, it will discover the network endpoint (URL) to where to make the request.
```

wdyt?

> The Kubernetes service discovery feature works during the workflow application startup, in which this feature scans all the Quarkus configuration in search of the URI pattern. Therefore, you must keep in mind that if application startup time matters, then consider to use a known static URL instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes service discovery feature works during the workflow application startup, in which this feature scans all the Quarkus configurations in search of the URI pattern. Therefore, you must remember that if application startup time matters, consider using a known static URL instead.
```

[NOTE]
====

> In the previous example, the URI is translated to `http://greeting-quarkus-cli.serverless-workflow-greeting-quarkus.10.99.154.147.sslip.io` when the application started. The translated URL is used at runtime, when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous example, the URI is translated to `http://greeting-quarkus-cli.serverless-workflow-greeting-quarkus.10.99.154.147.sslip.io` when the application started. The translated URL is used at runtime when needed.
```
